In this video, we'll take a little time
to discuss additional strategies you can use
during a job interview.
In past job interviews,
your potential employer may have asked:
"Do you have any questions for me?"
This type of question can
be an opportunity for
you to show the interviewer
that you're prepared and
ready to have a meaningful
conversation with them.
A big part of interview preparation
is researching the company before
the interview because it will allow
you to ask questions that demonstrate
you took the time to learn about
the organization and its needs.
These kinds of questions show that
you're passionate about your career and
that you want to help the company
strengthen its security posture.
There are also some general questions
you can ask the interviewer to
determine if the job and the organization
itself are a good match for you.
Here are some examples:
"What's the biggest challenge for a new person
in this role?"
"In what ways can I contribute to the
success of the team and the organization?"
"What qualities or traits are most important
for working well with the team and other stakeholders?"
Questions like these can help you develop
rapport with the interviewer, and show that
you're interested in learning more about
the role and the organizational culture.
Interviewing for jobs can be a really
exciting process when you're prepared, and
asking questions is an essential
part of the interview process.
Don't be afraid to ask potential
employers tough questions.
This will help them understand
you as a thoughtful, curious
person who can
add value to the team.
Coming up, we'll discuss another strategy:
The elevator pitch!